======== SAMPLE 1 ========
The next day he was come to live with her; she did not reply with open arms, but composedly
stretched out her little hand. The centurion drew near, and said,
"And so I do; and so it is."

Her face seemed to say, ‘and so it is; and then I—oh, my God! why did you do that, then?”

"For selfish selfishness," he said.

"And selfishness unavailing," she replied.

"And I for it suffering from too rigid a grip;
And therefore I command you to leave me, and wherever you are,
I.e. wherever you are—in Israel. You are the people, and I the people,
and it is this liberty that I am seeking. It is, I believe, the
last hope for your happiness, and it shall be for your security. It is the pledge of
charity that covers the spoils, and the fanciest insult forbids
the acknowledgment of it. And if that moment comes that your side is
to be ceded to me, it will be my hope to take it. It is I.ll say how it is that
the spoils belong to me, not to those who have tasted it,
not to those who have not; that is, me who has not been
favourable
in giving you the cup. It is I.ll say why, not so
much because you have refused to give me the cup, as because you think
that my offer is unutterable. It is, I believe, the absolute
answer: you have not the right to command me, and I have not the
right to command you. I do not believe, you feel, that command is
untenable unless you accept my offer, which I have not done.

You see, I have not, and I hope would never be
extolled. I have not the power, or the luxury, to command you,
either by force or by reason of which you have not been
convincing me to accept it. You see, I have not the power, or the
charisma, to command you either by force or by reason of which you have not
been persuading me to accept it. For since you said, I have not the
power, or the luxury, to command you by reason of which you have not
been persuading me to accept it. And if that command is to be believed,
it is vain to suppose that any other force would command you than that
of its own will. For if, as it seems, you have already been
favourable towards me, and haveroided it, so that is all. In
that sense I am not so much a person as a means towards your desired end;
this is my whole being, and I hope will be
the subject of your opinion. For although you like me, you must also
like me full. For though you have all, you still have not all;
you must still keep
it, and do something good for me. This is the first step in saying
to ___, <namename>.: I am nobody. Your claim to
pluralistic superiority is simply that of a
charity only.”

From the very beginning, from the first moment, I may almost say, of my
acquaintance with you, your manners impressing me with the
belief that you were the
last man in the world whom I could ever be prevailed on to marry
was this first intimation of acceptance, on which I immediately
dismissed myself?.

You know I have. Had not my own feelings decided
against you, had they been indifferent, or had they
exiled me? You know I have.

And if that memory lingers in your mind, it is generally
accustomed to confinement by the silence of my own tomb.

You know I have. Had not my own feelings decided
against you, had they been indifferent, or had they called
it that, on account of mental incapacity, I
had not the will or the will to leave the language,
I remained.

And if that memory lingers in your memory, it is generally
accustomed to solitary confinement that I remained.

And you know that memory is strength, and my resolve is
hate, and my hope is death. Tranquility is the
last refuge of the timid; it is the means by which the wild can loll.



“I am not an angel,” said I, “and I will not be one till I die:
you know, I have been in and out of angelic custody. I have even been
convicted of attempted murder. And if you judge me,
