======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 it like a woman concealing a secret
to avoid detection.”
“Ah! the detestable sight, the woman
faced with so much depreciating flesh, and so vile a disease
of even the very most refined workmen.”

“Women are supposed to be very calm generally: but they are full too late,
and misery follows
much the more slowly.”

“The humblest tasks get beautified if loving hands do
all that loving talking.”

“Don’t cry so bitterly, but remember this day, and resolve with
all your soul that you will never know another like it.”


and I’ll tell you why—not so
much because you refused to give me shelter, or regarded me as an
impostor, as because you just now made it a species of reproach that I
had no ‘brass’ and no house. Some of the best people that ever lived
have been as destitute as I am; and if you are a Christian, you ought
not to consider poverty a crime.

Do you think I am an automaton?–a machine without feelings? and can bear to have my morsel of bread snatched from my lips, and my drop of living water dashed from my cup? Do you think, because I am poor, obscure, plain, and little, I am soulless and heartless? You think wrong!–I have as much soul as you,–and full as much heart! And if God had gifted me with some beauty and much wealth, I should have made it as hard for you to leave me, as it is now for me to leave you. I am not talking to you now through the medium of custom, conventionalities, nor even of mortal flesh;–it is my spirit that addresses your spirit; just as if both had passed through the grave, and we stood at God’s feet, equal,–as we are!

Women are supposed to be very calm generally: but women feel just as men feel; they need exercise for their faculties, and a field for their efforts, as much as their brothers do; they suffer from too rigid a restraint, to absolute a stagnation, precisely as men would suffer; and it is narrow-minded in their more privileged fellow-creatures to say that they ought to confine themselves to making puddings and knitting stockings, to playing on the piano and embroidering bags. It is thoughtless to condemn them, or laugh at them, if they seek to do more or learn more than custom has pronounced necessary for their sex.

“I do not think, sir, you have a right to command me, merely because you are older than I, or because you have seen more of the world than I have; your claim to superiority depends on the use you have made of your time and experience.”

“I would always rather be happy than dignified.”

“There is no happiness like that of being loved by your fellow-creatures, and feeling that your presence is an addition to their comfort.”

“’I am not an angel,’ I asserted; ‘and I will not be one till I die: I will be myself. Mr. Rochester, you must neither expect nor exact anything celestial of me–for you will not get it, any more than I shall get it of you: which I do not at all anticipate.’”

“Every atom of your flesh is as dear to me as my own: in pain and sickness it would still be dear. Your mind is my treasure, and if it were broken, it would be my treasure still.” –Mr. Rochester

“I sometimes have a queer feeling with regard to you–especially when you are in love with me, as now: it is as if I had a string somewhere under my left ribs, tightly and inextricably knotted to a similar string situated in the corresponding quarter of your little frame. And if that boisterous Channel, and two hundred miles or so of land come broad between us, I am afraid that cord of communion will be snapt; and then I’ve a nervous notion I should take to bleeding inwardly.” –Mr. Rochester 

“Her coming was my hope each day,
Her parting was my pain;
The chance that did her steps delay
Was ice in every vein.”
–Song sung by Mr. Rochester

“Reader, I married him.”

I mentally shake hands with you for your answer, despite its inaccuracy.

’Am I hideous, Jane?’
‘Very, sir: you always were, you know."

“It’
