======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 mind, and laugh at her jokes, even though they
mean wrong; they even hurt, in some cases, even kill, a
romantic thought which you have just experienced, and haveroared a
newly. In such cases as this, it is, I think, the established mode to
express a sense of obligation for the sentiments avowed, however
unequally they may be returned. It is natural that obligation should be
felt, and if I could feel gratitude, I would now thank you. But I
cannot--I have never desired your good opinion, and you have certainly
bestowed it most unwillingly. I am sorry to have occasioned pain to
anyone. It has been most unconsciously done, however, and I hope will be
of short duration. The feelings which you tell me have long prevented
the acknowledgment of your regard can have little difficulty in
overcoming it after this explanation.

Mr. Darcy, who was leaning against the mantel-piece with his eyes fixed
on her face, seemed to catch her words with no less resentment than
surprise. His complexion became pale with anger, and the disturbance of
his mind was visible in every feature. He was struggling for the
appearance of composure, and would not open his lips till he believed
himself to have attained it. The pause was to Elizabeth’s feelings
dreadful. At length, in a voice of forced calmness, he said,--

“And this is all the reply which I am to have the honour of expecting! I
might, perhaps, wish to be informed why, with so little _endeavour_ at
civility, I am thus rejected. But it is of small importance.”

“I might as well inquire,” replied she, “why, with so evident a design
of offending and insulting me, you chose to tell me that you liked me
against your will, against your reason, and even against your character?
Was not this some excuse for incivility, if I _was_ uncivil? But I have
other provocations. You know I have. Had not my own feelings decided
against you, had they been indifferent, or had they even been
favourable, do you think that any consideration would tempt me to accept
the man who has been the means of ruining, perhaps for ever, the
happiness of a most beloved sister?”

From the very beginning, from the first moment, I may almost say, of my
acquaintance with you, your manners impressing me with the fullest
belief of your arrogance, your conceit, and your selfish disdain of the
feelings of others, were such as to form that groundwork of
disapprobation, on which succeeding events have built so immovable a
dislike; and I had not known you a month before I felt that you were the
last man in the world whom I could ever be prevailed on to marry.

“You judge very properly,” said Mr. Bennet; “and it is happy for you
that you possess the talent of flattering with delicacy. May I ask
whether these pleasing attentions proceed from the impulse of the
moment, or are the result of previous study?”

“You teach me now how cruel you’ve been—cruel and false. Why did you
despise me? 

Why did you betray your own heart, Cathy? I have not one
word of comfort. You deserve this. You have killed yourself. 

Yes, you may kiss me, and cry; and wring out my kisses and tears they’ll blight
you—they’ll damn you. 

You loved me—then what right had you to leave
me? What right—answer me—for the poor fancy you felt for Linton?
Because misery and degradation, and death, and nothing that God or
Satan could inflict would have disposed me to leave you, I have not been so fortunate. 

Why, God, I may as well tell you, I have been wretched. What did you expect?
"Apostle me—ask me—for shelter—then and forever." 

How, then, can I be worthy of the things
that farmed men have?”

And that, God perhaps, the least regard for those whom you
cannot be expected of,
much less of the best you know and love, are the
last you'll ever find your soul in.

How, then, can I be worthy of the things
that farmed men have?”


Catherine Earnshaw, may you not rest as long as I am living
this mortal coil, which you inflict on me by
