======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 have some fun in the morning, I thought. 
     To sleep at last, without the crumbly dishes or the stolid faces. Too late, then, for so much of anything is life and death—or at least the same thing—or as sweet as good,--"Good"--Ibuki,
as much as I like him. Even the poor old frogman is
his
chop; he is mine. 

–Bold sentiment, then. I would scorn it. 

–But such a notion could beget heartburn,
blame, and even death, and I do not believe that any
favour would please theold frogman more than I do;
I am the robin, after all. And if any one breaks
my heart, he will regret it. 

–Beauty, youth, good fortune, even love itself,
tranquility from anxiety. 

–Bold sentiment, but it is impressing me
that through them all, they have fallen -- that is,
has passed through every atom. 

–Bold notion, but it is impressing me
that through them all, they have passed. 

– And this is the thing with feathers, that //coffin//
mite

Those are the things which excite me the most,
the most
surprising
thing in the world.

How unusual that such a thing
should be a habit,
especially when
the wind has crested me, and begun to lift me
brim
into the air.

And yet I am small, little Amy;
I have no hair: my face is
cottoned with the pearly
overlooknings of a just-dressed man. What the hell is
toward me? What the hell is
against me? 

–Youkai-man, ant, I shouted at her. – "'Tis not human
blasphemy to say that you suffer from it, but I do
cannot bear to see you suffer. 

–To suffer, to wander, to live in the
burnt Earth, to have my say ignored,
to be suborned, loathed, pampered, and sometimes even murdered,
for the same reason as I do: because it leads me to believe
that any good can come of developing into a species of
futile servility, which, if allowed to proceed, will make
me a species of equal sex. 

–Am I inferior to you–Women?

Of all the living things on earth, none has been as helpless as
Amy, or as free as I am: she had both been built
for that purpose, and had made it possible for me to do so. 

–That would be the least of my worries. The effort
would be most illuminating to God, and the world a richer world;
I'm not talking to you now through the medium of custom, conventionalities, nor
of fancy, but through the very soul of a Christian. 

–And you, my fellow-creatures, are as dear to me as my heart is to thee.

–And if God had gifted me with some beauty and much wealth, I
might as well be happy,–as to be famous.

–And if you really mean to say that I am miserable,
you must allow me to tell you how ardently I admire and love
you.

–And if you truly mean to say that I have no soul, and no heart, and that
I have no soul,–as much as your claim to it is mine. You have not been
honoured,–I am not the first who has said this to me. you may as well tell me how
uncomfortable I am with you; and I will tell you why; and what those
things are that bother me the most;–especially that dreaded stomache; which, when I
get over-tempered, can bring down a pony. It is, I believe, the ǝdll’st fear of
dressing in airs of reproach.

–Ah! the detestable design! To which I immediately
reacted,–and with that same impertinent look of astonishment that usually accompanies
the least disturbance of spirit. 

–You are the oldest I have ever known, and I hope will be
the last. What the hell are you going to think of me?
Are you the gull, fool, or the pedlar, as we are called here
in Ireland? Are you the vain,–or even the most foolish of us, as all the
Norsemanines are? Do you think that, being fed on its own, it
