======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 nearly
surprise, and the presence of such a lady,–especially a
woman of thirty–five," as Jo, could easily be trusted with
the strong words of a just man,–especially a
woman of thirty–one. She was a
model of a well-dressed, well-to-do woman,–or so the
word is–gottered was expected of her
father. Her long, thick hair was her one beauty, but it
was usually bundled into a net, to be out of her way. Round shoulders
had Jo, big hands and feet, a flyaway look to her clothes, and the
uncomfortable appearance of a girl who was rapidly shooting up into a
woman and didn’t like it. Elizabeth, or Beth, as everyone called her,
was a rosy, smooth-haired, bright-eyed girl of thirteen, with a shy
manner, a timid voice, and a peaceful expression which was seldom
disturbed. Her father called her ‘Little Miss Tranquility’, and the
name suited her excellently, for she seemed to live in a happy world of
her own, only venturing out to meet the few whom she trusted and loved.
Amy, though the youngest, was a most important person, in her own
opinion at least. A regular snow maiden, with blue eyes, and yellow
hair curling on her shoulders, pale and slender, and always carrying
herself like a young lady mindful of her manners. What the characters
of the four sisters were we will leave to be found out.



“I don’t like to doze by the fire. I like adventures, and I’m going to find some.”

“Beauty, youth, good fortune, even love itself, cannot keep care and pain, loss and sorrow, from the most blessed for...into each life some rain must fall, some days must be dark and sad and dreary.”

“Jo had learned that hearts, like flowers, cannot be rudely handled, but must open naturally.”

“I’d rather take coffee than compliments just now.”

“I am angry nearly every day of my life.”

“You are the gull, Jo, strong and wild, fond of the storm and the wind, flying far out to sea, and happy all alone.”

“I am lonely, sometimes, but I dare say it’s good for me.”

“I’d have a stable full of Arabian steeds, rooms piled with books, and I’d write out of a magic inkstand, so that my works should be as famous as Laurie’s music. I want to do something splendid before I go into my castle—something heroic, or wonderful—that won’t be forgotten after I’m dead. I don’t know what, but I’m on the watch for it, and mean to astonish you all, some day. I think I shall write books, and get rich and famous; that would suit me, so that is my favorite dream.”

“Let us be elegant or die!”

“I like good strong words that mean something.”

“The humblest tasks get beautified if loving hands do them.”

“Don’t cry so bitterly, but remember this day, and resolve with all your soul that you will never know another like it.”

“Conceit spoils the finest genius.”

Their eyes instantly met, and the cheeks of each were overspread with the deepest
blush. He absolutely started, and for a moment seemed immovable from
surprise; but shortly recovering himself, advanced towards the party,
and spoke to Elizabeth, if not in terms of perfect composure, at least
of perfect civility.

. I came to you without a
doubt of my reception. .

You must allow me to tell you how ardently I admire and love
you.

In spite of her deeply-rooted dislike, she could not be insensible to
the compliment of such a man’s affection, and though her intentions did
not vary for an instant, she was at first sorry for the pain he was to
receive; till roused to resentment by his subsequent language, she lost
all compassion in anger. She tried, however, to compose herself to
answer him with patience, when he should have done. He concluded with
representing to her the strength of that
