======== SAMPLE 1 ========
, though she could not be certain of the exact form of the
woman’s subsequent attachment, she was at first sorry for the pain she had to inflict on
her new-found independence. She tried, however, to compose herself to
answer herself if suffering for truth was the beginning of resentment.

“I don’t believe any of you are alone in your feelings,” she said. “I hope so,” added she, “and I’d rather take coffee than compliments just now.”

“I don’t believe any of you have seen or heard of Anna, although I must say that you’ve’ been absolutely dreadful to her. Some of the worst she had seen shew to very little. She withered into a hideous
vegetation, and passed through almost to the very bottom; her body stiff and limp, its
distractions visible only to the naked eye. She was struggling for the ices, and could feel no more than
thearching pressure being applied. A second or two of exertion was like music to her ears; she
heard it coming, and began to struggle for the ices. It was at this
moment that I felt myself to be in for a treat; I felt every atom of it, every atom of
the delicacy of her body. I could feel and taste it, with and without
language. It was as though I had seen a flying bird devour a rooster.”

“I don’t believe any of you suffer as I do,” cried Amy, “for you don’t
have to go to school with impertinent girls, who plague you if you
don’t know your lessons, and laugh at your dresses, and label your
father if he isn’t rich, and insult you when your nose isn’t nice.”

“If you mean libel, I’d say so, and not talk about labels, as if Papa
was a pickle bottle,” advised Amy, “because he isn’t nice.”

“I don’t believe any of you suffer as I do,” advised Amy, “and any of you suffer as I do,”

in order that you may be as public as I am.”

“I don’t believe any of you suffer as I do,” advised Beth,
and do as I say, and suffer as I do; but you must teach your children
how to deal with us,” advised Amy, and not allow them to
get on with their lives without "reigning honor."

“If you mean libel, I’d say so, and not talk about labels, as if Papa
was a pickle bottle,” advised Jo, laughing.



“I don’t believe any of you suffer as I do,” added Amy,
calling herself by her first name.”

“I don’t believe any of you suffer as I do,” added Jo,
calling herself by her second and last names.”


and, Finally, to talk about labels now; as though
unequally numberless, as if to a colt, and thirdly as if
to-night
it to me.


Jo immediately sat up, put her hands in her pockets, and began to
whistle. She found that the machine was no more than a
strap or two long, and that her long, thick hair was over her eyes. She
whipped open the top, and saw that the number plate was gone. She immediately
opened the bottom, and saw that the corresponding number was
over her previous one. She immediately returned her hat to her box,
and immediately sat down.



“I don’t think it’s fair for some girls to have plenty of pretty
things, and other girls nothing at all,” added Astrid; “and it
hurts me that some have so easily and easily stuffed everything they
have,” added Amy.



“I don’t believe any of you suffer as I do,”
“I don’t believe any of you suffer as I do,”

“Jane, the iced-in-the-mouth, puerile beauty, should suffer as much as
to-night in that jail cell where she worked, and in
all the generations that she will never know another human being of her
best
best was murdered.”


and. She was born in Ireland, and died in
Belfast.


and.
