======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 rose, he told her, ‘and that is all I need say!”

“I ask you to pass through life at my side, as far as possible,” he said. ‘And that is all I ask of you…”

“I ask you to pass through life at my side, as far as possible,” he added. ‘And that is all I ask of you…”

“I ask you to pass through life at my side, as far as possible,” she giggled. ‘And that is all I ask of you…”

“I ask you to pass through life at my side, as far as possible,” she replied. ‘And that is all I ask of you,” he concluded.

“I ask you to pass through life at my side, as far as possible,” she concluded.

“I ask you to pass through life at my side, as far as possible,” she concluded.



“So I did, Beth. Well, I think we are. For though we do have to work, a good many of us do.”

“That is certainly the impression I get from my work,” added Mr. Rochester.”

“I sometimes have a queer feeling with regard to girls,” added Mr. Rochester, “especially when they are near puberty. They feel that tethering me to them is the first step in acceptance of their presence. It is thoughtless to condemn them, or laugh at them, if they seek to do more or learn more than custom has pronounced necessary for their sex.”

“I don’t believe any of you suffer as I do,” cried Amy, “for you are neither fit nor smart, and
inevitably gay, hetero, or any other sex. Do as you will, however, you must at least conform to
its leadent dress and animation, and I will make you stand erect before my very eyes.


“Don’t cry so bitterly, but remember this day, and resolve with all your soul that you will never know another like it.”

“Conceit spoils the finest genius.”

Their eyes instantly met, and the cheeks of each were overspread with the deepest
blush. He absolutely started, and for a moment seemed immovable from
surprise; but shortly recovering himself, advanced towards the party,
and spoke to Elizabeth, if not in terms of perfect composure, at least
of perfect civility.

By you, I was properly humbled. I came to you without a
doubt of my reception. You showed me how insufficient were all my
pretensions to please a woman worthy of being pleased.

You must allow me to tell you how ardently I admire and love
you.

In spite of her deeply-rooted dislike, she could not be insensible to
the compliment of such a man’s affection, and though her intentions did
not vary for an instant, she was at first sorry for the pain he was to
receive; till roused to resentment by his subsequent language, she lost
all compassion in anger. She tried, however, to compose herself to
answer him with patience, when he should have done. He concluded with
representing to her the strength of that attachment which in spite of
all his endeavours he had found impossible to conquer; and with
expressing his hope that it would now be rewarded by her acceptance of
his hand. As he said this she could easily see that he had no doubt of a
favourable answer. He spoke of apprehension and anxiety, but his
countenance expressed real security. Such a circumstance could only
exasperate farther; and when he ceased the colour rose into her cheeks.

In such cases as this, it is, I believe, the established mode to
express a sense of obligation for the sentiments avowed, however
unequally they may be returned. It is natural that obligation should be
felt, and if I could feel gratitude, I would now thank you. But I
cannot--I have never desired your good opinion, and you have certainly
bestowed it most unwillingly. I am sorry to have occasioned pain to
anyone. It has been most unconsciously done, however, and I hope will be
of short duration. The feelings which you tell me have long prevented
the acknowledgment of your regard can have little difficulty in
overcoming it after this explanation.

Mr. Darcy, who was leaning against the mantel-piece with his eyes fixed
on her face, seemed to catch her words with no less resentment than

