======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 because her intentions did
not vary for an instant, these are the words of one
woman, who was at first sorry for the pain he was to
receive; till roused to resentment by his subsequent language,
I tried to compose myself to
answer her with patience, when she should have done. I
cured from her grasp a small quantity of formless testosterone, which I
had little difficulty in obtaining by examination inferior to
that of Mr. Rochester. The presence of
this unusual and curious agent was most appreciable after
these preliminaries had been prepared.

Mr. Rochester, who was leaning against the mantel-piece with his eyes fixed
on her face, seemed to catch her words with no less resentment than
surprise. His complexion became pale with anger, and the disturbance of
his mind was visible in every feature. He was struggling for the
appearance of composure, and would not open his lips till he believed
himself to have attained it. The pause was to Elizabeth’s feelings
dreadful. At length, in a voice of forced calmness, he said,--

“And this is all the reply which I am to have the honour of expecting! I
might, perhaps, wish to be informed why, with so little _endeavour_ at
civility, I am thus rejected. But it is of small importance.”

“I might as well inquire,” replied she, “why, with so evident a design
of offending and insulting me, you chose to tell me that you liked me
against your will, against your reason, and even against your character?
Was not this some excuse for incivility, if I _was_ uncivil? But I have
other provocations. You know I have. Had not my own feelings decided
against you, had they been indifferent, or had they even been
favourable, do you think that any consideration would tempt me to accept
the man who has been the means of ruining, perhaps for ever, the
happiness of a most beloved sister?”

From the very beginning, from the first moment, I may almost say, of my
acquaintance with you, your manners impressing me with the fullest
belief of your arrogance, your conceit, and your selfish disdain of the
feelings of others, were such as to form that groundwork of
disapprobation, on which succeeding events have built so immovable a
dislike; and I had not known you a month before I felt that you were the
last man in the world whom I could ever be prevailed on to marry.

“You judge very properly,” said Mr. Bennet; “and it is happy for you
that you possess the talent of flattering with delicacy. May I ask
whether these pleasing attentions proceed from the impulse of the
moment, or are the result of previous study?”

“You teach me now how cruel you’ve been—cruel and false. Why did you
despise me? 

Why did you betray your own heart, Cathy? I have not one
word of comfort. You deserve this. You have killed yourself. 

Yes, you may kiss me, and cry; and wring out my kisses and tears they’ll blight
you—they’ll damn you. 

You loved me—then what right had you to leave
me? What right—answer me—for the poor fancy you felt for Linton?
Because misery and degradation, and death, and nothing that God or
Satan could inflict would have parted us, you of your own will, did
it. I have not broken your heart—you have broken it; and in breaking
it, you have broken mine. So much the worse for me that I am strong. Do
I want to live? What kind of living will it be when you—oh, God! would
you like to live with your soul in the grave?”


Catherine Earnshaw, may you not rest as long as I am living;
you said I killed you—haunt me, then! The murdered do haunt their
murderers, I believe. I know that ghosts have wandered on earth. Be
with me always—take any form—drive me mad! only do not leave me in
this abyss, where I cannot find you! Oh, God! it is unutterable! I
cannot live without my life! I cannot live without my soul!”

And there I remained enclosed the whole day, and the whole of the next
night; and another, and another. Five nights and four days I remained,
altogether, seeing nobody but Hareton once every morning; and he was a

