======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 groto, but it was better for me than that.”

In the snow,
In the life that
Kept frosted,

In the tomb;
Of humanity
  Some beast
  Wrecked,
In Ireland.



I died for beauty, but was scarce
Adjusted in the tomb,
When one who died for truth was lain
In an adjoining room.

He questioned softly why I failed?
"For beauty," I replied.
"For truth," he said.

And so, as kinsmen met a night,
We talked between the rooms,
Until the moss had reached our lips,
And covered up our names.



Hope is the thing with feathers
That perches in the soul,
And sings the tune without the words,
And never stops at all,

And sweetest in the gale is heard;
And sore must be the storm
That could abash the little bird
That kept so many warm.

I 've heard it in the chillest land,
And on the strangest sea;
Yet, never, in extremity,
It asked a crumb of me.


Wild nights! Wild nights!
Were I with thee,
Wild nights should be
Our luxury!

Futile the winds
To a heart in port, --
Done with the compass,
Done with the chart.

Rowing in Eden!
Ah! the sea!
Might I but moor
To-night in thee!


and yet not so; for you are a married
man—or as good as a married man, and wed to one inferior to you—to one
with whom you have no sympathy—whom I do not believe you truly love;
for I have seen and heard you sneer at her. I would scorn such a union:
therefore I am better than you—let me go!”

“Where, Jane? To Ireland?”

“Yes—to Ireland. I have spoken my mind, and can go anywhere now.”

“Jane, be still; don’t struggle so, like a wild frantic bird that is
rending its own plumage in its desperation.”

“I am no bird; and no net ensnares me; I am a free human being with an
independent will, which I now exert to leave you.”

Another effort set me at liberty, and I stood erect before him.

“And your will shall decide your destiny,” he said: “I offer you my
hand, my heart, and a share of all my possessions.”

“You play a farce, which I merely laugh at.”

“I ask you to pass through life at my side—to be my second self, and
best earthly companion.”

“For that fate you have already made your choice, and must abide by
it.”


and I’ll tell you why—not so
much because you refused to give me shelter, or regarded me as an
impostor, as because you just now made it a species of reproach that I
had no ‘brass’ and no house. Some of the more
mannering women I’d murder for entertainment,” I explain.

“I don’t believe you suffer from any mental deformity at your
representation in this book.”

“I’d rather take coffee than compliments just now.”

“I am angry nearly every day of my life.”

“You are the gull, Jack, and none of the youcks are warm nor sunny nor sweet norgo, from
the most sheltered to the dreary.”

“I am lonely, sometimes, but I dare say it’s good for me.”

“I’d have a stable full of Arabian steeds, rooms piled with books, and I’d write out of a magic inkstand, so that my works should be as famous as Laurie’s music. I want to do something splendid before I go into my castle—something heroic, or wonderful—that won’t be forgotten after I’m dead. I don’t know what, but I’m on the watch for it, and mean to astonish you all, some day. I think I shall write books, and get rich and famous; that would suit me, so that is my favorite dream.”

“Let us be elegant or die!”

“I like fairies, Â
