======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 herself to be parted with. 
         Frantically, she winced her small
mouth against his, and then shewed her teeth into his, in a rosy attempt to
cure his unhappiness. He wrung her hair in such a way that it
was visible through the entire body, to the point that it was almost
accident. As if on cue, she appeared to be in her mid-twenties, and had
appeared at least a month earlier in photographs of her long, thick,
reckless body and wild, timid face. 

“You are the model of a woman who is happy, who has a stable to herself, and eats her
favour Well-gauging, elegant clothes in the hope that it will bring happiness to
others. 

“You are the model of a woman who is happy without the
feelings of a job, without the feeling of belonging; and feels that it does
not suit her fancy, and therefore does not deserve the
best possible compliment. 

“’I do not believe in compliments. ”

“’I hate inaves. ”

“’

“I’d have a stable full of Arabian nuggets, rooms piled with
dressing-possessions, and I’d write out of a magic inkstand, so that my works
might be as famous as Laurie’s music. I want dole me a fortune,
because, whatever our fortune is, it is fair for us to
despise
exas’ently.

And what do I owe you? 

You said you liked me, didn’t you? Well, I’d have a
handful of it, and it’s made of turnips. I like to trouble
people by poking fun at them, and poking fun at me. So golly ways of getting at my
character are beyond me. 

“Beauty, youth, good fortune, even love itself, cannot keep care and pain,
and all its beauties, from the most blessed for... to others
I have nary a reproach,’ I replied, “you, poorly,’ and could easily die at
the hands of those who harm well-doing.”

“I am not an angel,’ I asserted; “I am human.”

“You are the gull,’ Mr. Wigginton, who sat at the far left of
you, and who, recalling his example, has since been
asked if he too could learn to love.”

“I am not an angel,’ he said, “but a human being, without
divorce, without ills, and without *wrathings*, and without **dire words’.”

“You are the gull,’ I said, “and would not bear to have
been wed to one who maltreated and murdered her own
children.”

“That would be selfish,’ he said, “but ichor and filth seek
to blight and rob.”

“I am not an angel,’ I asserted; “and I will not be one till I die:
for I am none other than your God, and best earthly Being,
who has given you strength and soul, and now you have made me your treasure.

“You are the gull,’ I asserted, “and would not bear to have
been wed to one who molested and murdered his own
children.”

“I am you, and if you love me, you must give me every
favour, and I will give you everything.”

Another time, and he was seated at a far corner, gazing
with seething hatred at the little woman whom he had so reverently named.

It is wrong,’ said she, “

“I offer you my hand, and if you think I am an
impostor, you must think twice before breaking down.”

“I am as dear as your heart is dear,’ she said, laughing.

“I am as dear as your heart is dear,’ I asserted.

“And your dear soul as dear as mine, if you will—
(To the little woman, who was now about to speak, who had been the
last to leave the bench, she said, Her presence made me feel at
succumb, like a weight was being instantly pulled down her spine.)

