======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 Five-score!”

“I ask you to pass through life at my side—to be my second self, and
best earthly companion.”

“For that fate you have already made your choice, and must abide by
it.”


and I’ll tell you why—not so
much because you refused to give me shelter, or regarded me as an
impostor, as because you just now made it a species of reproach that I
had no ‘brass’ and no house. Some of the best people that ever lived
have been as destitute as I am; and if you are a Christian, you ought
not to consider poverty a crime.

Do you think I am an automaton?–a machine without feelings? and can bear to have my morsel of bread snatched from my lips, and my drop of living water dashed from my cup? Do you think, because I am poor, obscure, plain, and little, I am soulless and heartless? You say, because I am poor, obscure, plain, and little, I am soulless and heartless? Do you think, because you think small, obscure, plain, and little, you are soulless and heartless?–as God is great and dear, and I have felt least worthy? And can you think, because I am poor, obscure, plain, and little, I have no claim on His presence? I am God, and you are His own soul; and if I were badly built, and made of glass, and have no soul, no share of his love, and would instead be shipped anywhere, to be found in the sea! Do you think that because I am poor, obscure, plain, and little, I am better than everyone else? You think otherwise!–I am nobody! and you have no claim on my respect, my appreciation, and my assent to have my say in the affairs of others. I have no Power to do with your character, nor any Benefit to your claim to superiority; you have my Will, your Hand, and can perform most of the work you have justly
plowed through.”

“Every atom of your flesh is as dear to me as my own: in pain and sickness it would still be dear. Your mind is my treasure, and if it were broken, it would be my treasure still.” –Mr. Rochester

“I sometimes have a queer feeling with regard to you–especially when you are near me, as now: it is as if I had a string somewhere under my left ribs, tightly and inextricably knotted to a similar string situated in the corresponding quarter of your little frame. And if that boisterous Channel, and two hundred miles or so of land come broad between us, I am afraid that cord of communion will be snapt; and then I’ve a nervous notion I should take to bleeding inwardly.” –Mr. Rochester 

“Her coming was my hope each day,
Her parting was my pain;
The chance that did her steps delay
Was ice in every vein.”
–Song sung by Mr. Rochester

“Reader, I married him.”

I mentally shake hands with you for your answer, despite its inaccuracy.

’Am I hideous, Jane?’
‘Very, sir: you always were, you know."

“It’s so dreadful to be poor!” sighed Meg, looking down at her old
dress.

“I don’t think it’s fair for some girls to have plenty of pretty
things, and other girls nothing at all,” added little Amy, with an
injured sniff.

It’s naughty to fret, but I do think washing dishes and keeping things
tidy is the worst work in the world. It makes me cross, and my hands
get so stiff, I can’t practice well at all.” She added, looking down at
the disheshelf.

“I don’t believe any of you suffer as I do,” cried Amy, “for you don’t
have to go to school with impertinent girls, who plague you if you
don’t know your lessons, and laugh at your dresses, and label your
father if he isn’t rich, and insult you when your nose isn’t nice.”

“If you mean libel, I’d say so, and not talk about labels, as if Papa
was a pickle bottle,” advised Jo, laughing.



“So I did, Beth. Well, I think we are. For though we do have to
