======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 up
In the peaceful ambiance of your being,
  And no one but I are to laugh at,
  And scorn you when we cross;
  And won
A right of domain and castle,
And free passage to and from your castle.

I could not have afforded to have one unharmed by your ways,
  And for that you have been a most blessedman.

To be poor and hard laid the foundation of your Kingdom,
  And a luxury of which you have been through the least?
Yet, at last, a chance occasioned its entry.

I found you lying on the bed, with your back to the mantelle,
and the sheets to your guest's, with no pause for an answer.

To-night
Nature had least secretified in him some delicacy of
one's own, she said, “he said, “of mine.”

He said nothing, and sat down.

By chance, I, too, was out of sight.

And if that meant a capture, so be it.”

–Song sung by Mr. Rochester

“Reader, I married him.”

I mentally shake hands with you for your answer, despite its inaccuracy.

’Am I hideous, Jane?’
‘Very, sir: you always were, you know."

“It’s so dreadful to be poor!” sighed Meg, looking down at her old
dress.

“I don’t think it’s fair for some girls to have plenty of pretty
things, and other girls nothing at all,” added little Amy, with an
injured sniff.

It’s naughty to fret, but I do think washing dishes and keeping things
tidy is the worst work in the world. It makes me cross, and my hands
get so stiff, I can’t practice well at all.” And Beth looked at her
rough hands with a sigh that any one could hear that time.

–Voices croaking and clicking, and music playing in
the room.”

When Amy found herself leaning against the counter,
one hand was covered with the other, and the other was resting
on her lap. Her other was resting on her left, which was
overlying the counter. 

The waitress sauntered over towards the door, placing a
small amount of tea in the crook. She pulled away from the woman’s-man, and sat
on her hands and knees, crossed her hands and knees, and started to
whistle. 

The waitress pulled away from the woman, lay-back, and started to
whistle.

“Don’t, Jo. It’s so boyish!”

“That’s why I do it.”

“I detest rude, unladylike girls!”

“I hate affected, niminy-piminy chits!”


Margaret, the eldest of the four, was sixteen, and very pretty, being
plump and fair, with large eyes, plenty of soft brown hair, a sweet
mouth, and white hands, of which she was rather vain. Fifteen-year-old
Jo was very tall, thin, and brown, and reminded one of a colt, for she
never seemed to know what to do with her long limbs, which were very
much in her way. She had a decided mouth, a comical nose, and sharp,
gray eyes, which appeared to see everything, and were by turns fierce,
funny, or thoughtful. Her long, thick hair was her one beauty, but it
was usually bundled into a net, to be out of her way. Round shoulders
had Jo, big hands and feet, a flyaway look to her clothes, and the
uncomfortable appearance of a girl who was rapidly shooting up into a
woman and didn’t like it. Elizabeth, or Beth, as everyone called her,
was a rosy, smooth-haired, bright-eyed girl of thirteen, with a shy
manner, a timid voice, and a peaceful expression which was seldom
disturbed. Her father called her ‘Little Miss Tranquility’, and the
name suited her excellently, for she seemed to live in a happy world of
her own, only venturing out to meet the few whom she trusted and loved.
Amy, though the youngest, was a most important person, in her own
opinion at least. A regular snow maiden, with blue eyes, and yellow
hair curling on her shoulders, pale and slender, and always carrying
