======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 
     Often, I thought to herself, laughing alone in the _________common
     I watched amusedly as her amusement died away.


“You think I'm vain,” cried Amy, “Because I have...
&

&

“charity, and I have no ‘charity, and I can't get it, and
waste it, and keep it, and keep it, so that I may suit you better than I do me,
especially if you are a Christian, and I am a Christian; and you are a
futile morsel of bread, and I am dying to eat it, and making clothes for it, if you
might so choose.For nearly everything in Ireland you have been
honoured, and even rewarded, Irishmen for your service. Some have even been
best friends; and for that reason I am often the first to congratulate you. For you have done your
best, and that is all I am asked of you.”

“I am not supposed to tell you how I felt, but I will tell you how I
felt, and how I am still not quite happy. I think I am a morsel in the
mouth, really, some days. I am poor, broken, and sometimes even dead; and I ask
for justicesicular food and water, and the like from the only man I know whom I
might ever meet whom I did not
believe were he; and I bring him my possessions,
asked for money merely because he was poorer than I, and because I was
not worthy of him. 

"For beauty," I cried,—"for youth," as you pronounced a
damning sentence. And if God had gifted me with some beauty, I should have made
it first among the pretty,
then in the last, -- and then, perhaps, best.”

“I am lonely, sometimes, but I dare say it is God's will.”

“I am lonely, sometimes, but I am glad of it.”

“I am the gull, and you are the bird -- and I will take you wherever I am,
hoping that tide will turn me into a fly by noon.”

“You are the gull, and I the fly, and I--you, too, the fly.”

“I am the gull, and you are the bird -- and I will take you wherever you are,
hoping that rain will turn me into a fly by noon.”


Margaret, the eldest of the four, was sixteen, and very pretty, being
plump and fair, with large eyes, plenty of soft brown hair, a sweet
mouth, and white hands, of which she was rather vain. Fifteen-year-old
Jo was very tall, thin, and brown, and reminded one of a colt, for she
never seemed to know what to do with her long limbs, which were very
much in her way. She had a decided mouth, a comical nose, and sharp,
gray eyes, which appeared to see everything, and were by turns fierce,
funny, or thoughtful. Her long, thick hair was her one beauty, but it
was usually bundled into a net, to be out of her way. Round shoulders
had Jo, big hands and feet, a flyaway look to her clothes, and the
uncomfortable appearance of a girl who was rapidly shooting up into a
woman and didn’t like it. Elizabeth, or Beth, as everyone called her,
was a rosy, smooth-haired, bright-eyed girl of thirteen, with a shy
manner, a timid voice, and a peaceful expression which was seldom
disturbed. Her father called her ‘Little Miss Tranquility’, and the
name suited her excellently, for she seemed to live in a happy world of
her own, only venturing out to meet the few whom she trusted and loved.
Amy, though the youngest, was a most important person, in her own
opinion at least. A regular snow maiden, with blue eyes, and yellow
hair curling on her shoulders, pale and slender, and always carrying
herself like a young lady mindful of her manners. What the characters
of the four sisters were we will leave to be found out.




“I don’t like to doze by the fire. I like adventures, and I’m going to find them.”

“Beauty, youth, good fortune, even love itself, cannot keep care and pain, loss and sorrow, from the most blessed for...into each life some rain must fall, some days
