======== SAMPLE 1 ========
, the wine would not moor

Until I had sauntered into the heart of a
Caucasian, the thought of being addressed by her
Named, irate.

“You are the gull, Jo, you spoke each day,
and you said,, “I would as soon moor back to you,
and drink from the Iberian pail my father left her for dead,
and throw it at me, claiming that I had not known her long.”

“You teach me now how cruel you’ve been—cruel and false. Why did you
despise me? 

Why did you betray your own heart, Jo? I have not one
word of comfort. You deserve this. You have killed yourself. 

Yes, you may kiss me, and cry; and wring out my kisses and tears they’ll blight
you—they’ll damn you. 

You loved me—then what right had you to leave
me? What right—answer me—for the poor fancy you felt for Linton?
Because misery and degradation, and death, and nothing that God or
Satan could inflict would have parted us, you of your own will, did
it. I have not broken your heart—you have broken it; and in breaking
it, you have broken mine. So much the worse for me that I am strong. Do
I want to live? What kind of living will it be when you—oh, God! would
you like to live with your soul in the grave?”


Margaret, the eldest of the four, was sixteen, and very pretty, being
plump and fair, with large eyes, plenty of soft brown hair, a sweet
mouth, and white hands, of which she was rather vain. Fifteen-year-old
Jo was very tall, thin, and brown, and reminded one of a colt, for she
never seemed to know what to do with her long limbs, which were very
much in her way. She had a decided mouth, a comical nose, and sharp,
gray eyes, which appeared to see everything, and were by turns fierce,
funny, or thoughtful. Her long, thick hair was her one beauty, but it
was usually bundled into a net, to be out of her way. Round shoulders
had Jo, big hands and feet, a flyaway look to her clothes, and the
uncomfortable appearance of a girl who was rapidly shooting up into a
woman and didn’t like it. Elizabeth, or Beth, as everyone called her,
was a rosy, smooth-haired, bright-eyed girl of thirteen, with a shy
manner, a timid voice, and a peaceful expression which was seldom
disturbed. Her father called her ‘Little Miss Tranquility’, and the
name suited her excellently, for she seemed to live in a happy world of
her own, only venturing out to meet the few whom she trusted and loved.
Amy, though the youngest, was a most important person, in her own
opinion at least. A regular snow maiden, with blue eyes, and yellow
hair curling on her shoulders, pale and slender, and always carrying
herself like a young lady mindful of her manners. What the characters
of the four sisters were we will leave to be found out.



“I do not think, sir, you have a right to command me, merely
because you are older than I, or because you have seen more of the world than I have; your
representation is due to have your back.”

“I would always rather be happy than dignified.”

“There is no happiness like that of being loved by your fellow-creatures, and feeling that your presence is an addition to their comfort.”

“’I am not an angel,’ I asserted; ‘and I will not be one till I die: I will be myself. Mr. Rochester, you must neither expect nor exact anything celestial of me–for you will not get it, any more than I shall get it of you: which I do not at all anticipate.’”

“Every atom of your flesh is as dear to me as my own: in pain and sickness it would still be dear. Your mind is my treasure, and if it were broken, it would be my treasure still.” –Mr. Rochester

“I sometimes have a queer feeling with regard to you–especially when you are near me, as now: it is as if I had a string somewhere under my left ribs, tightly and inextricably knotted to a similar string situated in the corresponding quarter of your
